Launch stages for new 1proposal solution (#1690)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/integrations/sns/launching/launch-steps-1proposal.md

through the same, with the difference that the commands here target the canisters on the mainnet.

## Requirements

### 1. IC SDK

See: [installing the IC SDK](../../../setup/install).

### 2. `ic-admin`

See: [installing the `ic-admin`](../../../setup/ic-admin.md).

### 3. `sns` CLI

:::note
The version of the sns CLI that is bundled with your dfx version may not have the latest commands described in the Usage section. If needed, it is recommended to build and use the sns CLI tool yourself.
:::

```bash
git clone git@github.com:dfinity/ic.git
cd ic
bazel build //rs/sns/cli:sns
ls bazel-bin/rs/sns/cli/sns 
```
## Stages

### 1. Dapp developers choose the initial parameters of the SNS for a dapp

Typically, dapp developers choose initial parameters that will be used in subsequent proposals.

### 2. Dapp developers submit NNS proposal to create SNS

Anyone who owns an eligible NNS neuron with enough stake can submit an NNS proposal to create an
SNS for a given dapp.
Of course it is crucial to set the right parameters in this proposal.
You can also find an example how this command is used in the SNS local testing

> [here](https://github.com/dfinity/sns-testing/blob/main/open_sns_sale.sh#L11-L26).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[here](https://github.com/dfinity/sns-testing/blob/main/propose_sns.sh).
```

> To create such a proposal, a common path is to use `ic-admin` and run the following:
> [TODO: update command]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create such a proposal, a common path is to use `sns-cli` and run the following:
```
dfx sns propose --network ic --neuron $NEURON_ID sns_init.yaml
```
```

Author: Will be added in next commit. Would be great if you can check that this makes sense.

```
ic-admin   \
   --nns-url "${NETWORK_URL}" propose-to-open-sns-token-swap  \
   --min-participants 3  \
   --min-icp-e8s 5000000000  \
   --max-icp-e8s 50000000000  \
   --min-participant-icp-e8s 100000000  \
   --max-participant-icp-e8s 20000000000  \
   --swap-due-timestamp-seconds "${DEADLINE}"  \
   --sns-token-e8s 500000000000  \
   --target-swap-canister-id "${SNS_SWAP_ID}"  \
   --community-fund-investment-e8s 5000000000  \
   --neuron-basket-count 3  \
   --neuron-basket-dissolve-delay-interval-seconds 31536000  \
   --proposal-title "Decentralize this SNS"  \
   --summary "Decentralize this SNS"
```

> * One can substitute `NETWORK_URL` with `https://nns.ic0.app`.

Reviewer: I would actually suggest that we do not give an example ic-admin command as this takes over 30 parameters. Can we instead suggest to use `sns-cli` and the `propose` sub command?

Author: Sure, whatever you think makes most sense! I just think it would be good to have very clear instructions that devs can almost copy-paste. If this works with sns-cli that is perfect. Wouuld you be able to make the according suggestions?

### 3. Dapp developers add NNS root as co-controller of dapp

> [TODO: add command]

Reviewer: ```
dfx sns prepare-canisters add-nns-root $CANISTER_ID
```

Author: added in next commit. thanks!
